Minor edits to docs (#693)
openownership/data-standard: docs/standard/modelling/dates-guidance.rst

* has the same ``statementDate``, because the date of the original information submission has not changed
* has a new ``publicationDate``
* has a corrected ``interest.startDate``

> * has an 'Annotation <https://standard.openownership.org/en/main/standard/reference.html#schema-annotation>'_ explaining the correction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* has an :ref:`Annotation <schema-annotation>` explaining the correction
```

This is a slightly more robust way of linking within the docs. It links to an anchor in the Schema reference page ('.. _schema-annotation:')
